Error handler (#140)
avenga/couper: docs/ERRORS.md

# Errors

* [Errors](#errors)
    * [Introduction](#introduction)
    * [Messages](#messages)
    * [Access-Control error_handler](#access-control-error_handler)
        * [Error-Types](#error-types)

## Introduction

Errors should be handled and could occur due to user input or issues on backend and network side.
There are some generic categories like `configuration`, `server`, `backend` or `access_control`.
Those categories will help you to identify the related issues faster.

## Messages

Couper errors distinguish between the synopsis which will be sent to the client, and
the log message with more error context to prevent accidentally exposing confidential data.

## Access-Control `error_handler`

> Especially some access-control errors are expected ones and may be handled on a specific manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Especially some access-control errors are expected to occur and may need special handling, e.g. sending a specific response for missing login credentials.
```

To do so every access-control definition of `basic_auth`, `jwt` or `saml2` can define one or multiple
`error_handler` with a defined error-type label listed below.

Syntax:

```hcl

> # Without label will catch all validation errors related to this access control. 

Reviewer: this important info should also be in the explaining text (outside of the code snippet)

error_handler "error-type-a" "error-type-b" {

>   # Behaves like an endpoint

Reviewer: this important info should also be in the explaining text (outside of the code snippet)

  response {
    status = 403
  }
}
```

### Error-Types

> | Type                              | Description |

Reviewer: should we add a column for the `Standard handling`? "Send error template with 401", "Send error template with 403" …
